the perfect screen welcome them in
this new video then chatted Turks
great visitors of my channel
you already have 2000 mac
so today I simply want to make you
see a small overview of mine
location as you see here and a small one
let's review my mac mini
so stay connected
after the initials you will see it
I forgot the acronym
they forget about the newcomer Gianni Si
gianni mail called gianni perfetto later
have already shown very well
see this my little one here
two months' dog two and a half months
so 3 big is called gianni mela
days from sending the lyric one
okay then after having redone see
this I would say we can start with
the station and with the mac nil then the
my mac mini to a 2013 mac mini is a
mac mini i7 with 16gb of ram and ssd 840
of the samsung or connected an apple
thunderbolt 27-inch display and how
you have seen in the previous images ha
had to install under the mini one
a x2 master cooler to cool it
but I don't think it's still going much
well why
in hindle at 48 degrees more ho
installed a sundisk card reader
usb3 a noble blues I'm with
registering a porsche hard disk now
design
the net 3 3 terabyte usb3 and others
four hard drives connected via a
unhcr usb 3 hub which i have to say it is
very good although not much
known type in stores that extra
connected a bus system appear 3
series 2 another earth thing that has me
driven to take this computer a
computing power
as you have seen it is also very fast in
all processes like open final cut
so other things now for example I'm in
rendering a hobby of a dwarf
leasing of optical flow and as you can see
obviously it takes quite a little
times may vary but it is anyway
very fast in these processes
quite heavy anyway
I say this official rendering in
optical flop was performed by a con
then a 1080p clip of 30 seconds then
fast enough to be a mac
mini which is not a machine anyway
strictly professional and as you can see
also the preview is very, very much
fluid however passing to another
I have to recommend this mac mini
practically everyone they want
take a mac and don't want to own it
spend a lot perhaps the only flaw
is that there is no graphics card
dedicated
but if you don't use da vinci resort that is
a program of color correction
very advanced this difference between
integrated graphics card and card
external graphics are therefore not visible
This mac mini recommend all
especially for the quality ratio
price that is very, very cheap
to something I didn't say in the video
I'm sorry if I keep changing
location for the videos but